
----------------------------------

Name: Hadarai
Sex: Male
Race: Half-Elf
Class: Rogue
Background: Folk Hero
Alignment: Neutral

Appearence: 
Size: 6.0 Feet Tall, 169lbs;    Size = Medium
Age: 31
Skin Tone: Deep Tan
Hair Color: Black
Eye Color: Electric Blue

Personality And Background:
Background Name: Folk Hero
Background Description: You come from a humble social rank, but you are destined for so much more. Already the people of your home 
   village regard you as their champion, and your destiny calls you to stand against the tyrants and monsters 
   that threaten the common folk everywhere.
Personal Trait: I misuse long words in an attempt to sound smarter.
Ideal: Fairness. No one should get preferential treatment before the law, and no one is above the law. (Lawful)
Bond: I worked the land, I love the land, and I will protect the land.
Flaw: Iâ??m convinced of the significance of my destiny, and blind to my shortcomings and the risk of failure.


Ability Scores: 
Strength: 13       Mod: 1
Constitution: 14   Mod: 2
Dexterity: 16      Mod: 3
Intelligence: 16   Mod: 3
Wisdom: 12         Mod: 1
Charisma: 13       Mod: 1

Stats: 
Hit Points: 10
Armor Class: 13
Speed: 30
Hit Die: d8

Proficient in: 
Saving Throws: Dexterity, Intelligence.
Skills: Acrobatics, Persuasion, Performance, Intimidation, Nature, Athletics, Animal Handling, Survival.
Weapons: Simple Weapons, Hand Crossbow, Longsword, Rapier, Shortsword.
Armor: Light Armor.
Tools: Thieves Tools, Potterâ??s tools, Vehicles (Land).

Languages: 
Common, Elvish, Primordial.


Items: 
Gold amount: 70
Weapons: Rapier, Shortbow, Arrows, Dagger.
Equipment: Explorer's Pack, Leather Armor, Thieve's Tools, Cookâ??s utensils, 
           A shovel, An iron pot, A set of common clothes, (Add to Gold) A belt pouch containing 15 gp.



-----Features Start----- 
Name: Sneak Attack
Description: You know how to strike subtly and exploit a foeâ??s distraction. Once per turn, you can deal an extra 
   1d6 damage to one creature you hit with an attack if you have advantage on the attack roll. The attack 
   must use a finesse or a ranged weapon. You donâ??t need advantage on the attack roll if another enemy of 
   the target is within 5 feet of it, that enemy isnâ??t incapacitated, and you donâ??t have disadvantage on 
   the attack roll. The amount of the extra damage increases as you gain levels in this class, as shown 
   in the Sneak Attack column of the Rogue table. (Currently 1d6)

Name: Thieves' Cant
Description: During your rogue training you learned thievesâ?? cant, a secret mix of dialect, jargon, and code that 
   allows you to hide messages in seemingly normal conversation. Only another creature that knows thievesâ?? cant 
   understands such messages. It takes four times longer to convey such a message than it does to speak the same 
   idea plainly. In addition, you understand a set of secret signs and symbols used to convey short, simple messages, 
   such as whether an area is dangerous or the territory of a thievesâ?? guild, whether loot is nearby, or whether the 
   people in an area are easy marks or will provide a safe house for thieves on the run.

Name: DarkVision
Description: Thanks to your elf blood, you have superior vision in dark and dim conditions. You can see in dim light within 
   60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light.

Name: Fey Ancestry
Description: You have advantage on saving throws against being charmed, and magic canâ??t put you to sleep.

Name: Rustic Hospitality
Description: Since you come from the ranks of the common folk, you fit in among them with ease. You can find a place 
   to hide, rest, or recuperate among other commoners, unless you have shown yourself to be a danger to them. 
   They will shield you from the law or anyone else searching for you, though they will not risk their lives for you.

Name: Defining Event
Description: You previously pursued a simple profession among the peasantry, perhaps as a farmer, miner, servant, shepherd, 
   woodcutter, or gravedigger. But something happened that set you on a different path and marked you for greater things.
   This event was: Recruited into a lordâ??s army, I rose to leadership and was commended for my heroism..
-----Features End-----



----------------------------------

